OK so let's go ahead and continue and just close these windows anyway.
I have added a new file.
It's details subcomponent RTX.
So hopefully by now you know how to create files you need to create details that component ideas and
details that component that HDMI out in the account folder.
So let's go over the details start component dot TS anyway.
There are two new imports components we have imported before.
So you have on an IT AND ON destroy here.
These are basically interfaces of which we have N-G in it and energy destroy.
So these methods we will basically explain down below when we actually utilize them.
Now the one down below is the actor activated route.
And this is a service which we shall use in order to obtain the information on routes and with it we
will fetch the information about the parameter activated routes.
Sorry activate it.
This is an actual account and activated service.
This is basically something that we had before component.
We're just basically writing we're writing the basic code for our components.
And I just forgot to start my stopwatch which is always interesting.
Well here's somebody who remembered how to do to remember to do that.
Not important.
We're basically setting up our components so we're directing it to the template which will be rendered
so details that component out HD M-L that is the file which we have created here.
And down below we are exporting the class.
Same as before we're making a class except we're just specifying that we will implement on it and on
destroy method.
So it basically just implements them here.
This is the private variable.
Underscore account type account.
This will contain basically our account.
The one down below the string This will contain an error if it exists.
Those type String underscore error and Param sub.
This is basically what we will we will use this variable in order to hold the subscription to route
parameters and it is of type any.
Because we don't want to think about that so we've just typed in type any.
But I will explain this down below when we get into actual utilizing it.
Next up is the constructor which we will use in order to inject the services.
We will inject activated route into underscore route and activate it service to underscore account moving
onwards.
You have the public method Engy on it now and this method will execute as soon as the component is initialized.
So if we if we need to fetch any information upon the initialization of this component it is better
to put them into Engy in it as opposed to putting them in the constructor.
This advances the stability of the component Sozzi.
OK so now down below we have this the beginning of this statement here and you might have noticed that
it pretty much holds the same syntax as before.
We are using the arrow function the arrow syntax functions or Lambert functions.
Now the essence of this entire thing.
What we are trying to achieve here is the is to subscribe to the changes within the parameters.
Here's how we're going to do it.
First off the underscore Param sub is the variable which will hold the subscription underscore route
is the activated route service which we have injected previously parents is basically the parameter
of underscore route which is of type observable and that refers to the parameters of the route.
Now type observable which I just mentioned is something similar to promises and it is also some form
of a synchronous programming.
It is a lot more powerful than the promises a lot but also far more complex so we won't get into it
just yet and subscribe.
Was basically a method which also takes a function as a parameter but unlike the Dauth then method which
in promise in promises this function will be called whenever the changes of the parameter occur.
So remember before we have Dauth then and this one is different in a sense that it will show the dysfunction
will be called whenever the changes in the parameters occurs.
So as I said before insurers were just subscribing to the changes that occur.
And then we have the lambda function in here at the beginning of it so you have the parameters of the
function and then we begin implementing the body of the function.
Var ID this is the variable ID of type.
Number two to whom we shall assign the value of the of the parameters.
The parameter is ID.
Why is there a plus here.
Why.
Well in case this is a string we're not adding here anything we're not performing any sort of an I mean
basically we're not really performing any mathematical operations but rather instead in case this is
a string.
We want to just place a plus here and convert this to a number that's pretty much it.
Now we have the reset of the account and error values so this is going to be re-initialize Danell and
this will be re-initialize to an empty string.
Double-O you have this underscore account service dot get by id get by ID is the method which we have
explained in the previous tutorial and it has a dot then.
So you go into the basically specify the parameter account and then you specify the action here the
body so account is initial under Square account is initialized to count.
And in case this doesn't actually work out in case the ID doesn't actually.
In case in case we don't find the account with the given ID then we're going to have a catch.
And this is going to cold dead this hot air and it's going it's going to cool underscore air and it
will initialize it to the R R from before which will basically be like there are no accounts with this
ID or something like that then this string will be filled with something so you get something Bob.
And the next time this is called This will be re-initialize to now.
So once again when you call the suit if you don't have duplicate values here and down below all that
we are really doing is simply subscribing.
So once we once the component is done with once it is being.
Once it is destroyed we need to unsubscribe.
So this is called when the component is actually being destroyed and now we go into DHEA metal and here
we don't have a lot of new things.
We have just a new code but we don't have a lot of new concepts which we haven't explained before.
So basically checking if we actually have an account if we have an account then go ahead and get the
account title and get the account description and fetch the balance and place it here.
And down below We're checking if there is an error message.
So if there is an empty string this is not going to show if there is an error then we're going to get
the alert then we're going to.
You know this part from DCA says but this part will be printed out onto the screen the error message
so that there are no accounts by the ID.
We haven't actually implemented the automated system for this but we can basically just go and manually
do this now.
I can type in one and you see it prints and the information that prints the information in regard to
the first account with the ID when it prints information in regard to the counterfeit ID too.
And if I do three because there is nothing.
There are no accounts no account with this I.D. basically no account with the ID of three.
OK.
So that's it in the follow up to true.
Very good.
Go ahead and move on.